More parsing functions (#4933)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/next/features/4933--parsing_functions.md

It is now possible to define additional patterns in the `parse_grok` function.

The manually defined header for the `read_xsv` family of parsers can now be
specified as a list of strings, instead of a single, correctly delimited string.

The additional `pattern_definitions` for `read_grok` can now be specified as

> either a `record` or `string`.

Reviewer: A record of what exactly? A string of what exactly?

The new `parse_csv`, `parse_kv`, `parse_ssv`, `parse_tsv`, `parse_xsv` and
`parse_yaml` functions can be used to parse strings in their respective formats.

> `list.map` can now handle cases where list elements mapped to different types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `map` function now handles cases where list elements mapped to different types.
```
